# Bubble

I wrote an earlier post about Artifical Intelligence called, "AI" where I encouraged to follow your heart intead of the crowd. Good read btw, highly recommend. Anyways... I recently watched a video of Peter Thiel, cofounder of PayPal and Palantir, and he mentioned that whenever you see buzzwords, you should immediately think fraud and run away as fast you can. He mentions company that say their product is "enterprise SaaS" and it uses "big data" with "cloud computing". Now this interview was conducted before the OpenAI released ChatGPT so AI wasn't a buzzword yet. Now however, I have seen AI plastered over every startup description I come across which raises great caution. Now I am not saying that implementing AI in your startup is nesscarily a bad thing but it is a buzzword. And buzzwords almost always have the impression of trying to catch someone's eyes, whether it is a recruiter for a job your seeking or investors to try to get them to invest in your company. So imo, buzzwords should be avoided to improve clarity. Now if everyone is have strong belief in AI, eventually AI will not exactly meet up to their expections. Hence the bubble. In 2008, the was the dot com crash because of the dot com bubble where everyone believed in the internet and how it was going to change the world. Eventually too many people were betting on the internet too much which resulted in the crash. I have a prediction where we will be going to an AI crash and I don't know how soon it will be but it is coming. I want to conclude with a statement by well-known investor, Warren Buffet, "When others are greedy, be fearful. When others are fearful, be greedy."
